[Music]
seven types of crushes you should run
away from there's no denying that being
in love is the best feeling in the whole
world but sometimes it can turn into one
of the most poisonous things in your
life so which kinds of crush are bad for
you and what can you do to make it right
well I'm about to give you all the
answers but before you learn everything
about destructive romance don't forget
to hit subscribe and ring this little
notification bell to join us on the
bright side of life
number one crushing on someone who's
unavailable we can't control who we fall
for a lot of the time that's where all
the problems start especially when you
fall in love with someone who's
committed to somebody else in this
situation all your actions lead to a
dead end
following your feelings is certainly a
bad idea since it'll only ruin other
people's love lives and make you
miserable waiting until your crush is
single is not an option either
after all it's never healthy to put your
life on pause for somebody else so the
best thing you can do is get over this
person as soon as possible
easier said than done I know but you got
to start somewhere right cut off all
contact with your crush now talk to
someone about your feelings or try to
express them creatively friends favorite
hobbies and new experiences are the best
healers number two becoming obsessed
with your crush
tell me this do you follow your crush
around or maybe you follow their every
move on social media if your answers are
yes you should be careful as those are a
couple of basic signs that your crush is
turning into a true obsession when you
fall in love you become kind of addicted
to your partner and find everything they
do spectacular however it's very easy to
cross the line between adoration and
obsession and start to worship somebody
at this point your relationship stands
no chance because let's face it when
someone's obsessed with you it's a
compliment at first but it can become
weird and disturbing very quickly so if
you really want to be with your crush
you have to get over your obsession
block your obsessive thoughts remove any
possible triggers and try to keep your
mind occupied with different activities
it'll be difficult I'm not gonna lie but
you'll save yourself and your possible
partnership number three crushing on
someone who treats you badly a romantic
relationship should be something that
brings you joy love and understanding if
your partner puts you down every chance
they get this is definitely not a
healthy pattern deep down you know that
too unfortunately no matter how much you
want it people like this do not change
your partner may claim that it was the
last time but it never will be you have
two options here stay and let your love
interest destroy you completely or
gather your strength and get out as soon
as possible remember that you are enough
and you deserve someone who will make
every day a fairy tale not a
never-ending nightmare
number four crushing on someone while in
a relationship you've been crushing on
someone who's taken is bad try crushing
on someone when you're already in a
relationship yes this happens more often
than you may think
we all have little temporary crushes
here and there but if you actually fell
for another person while dating somebody
else it may indicate your inability to
commit to somebody fully you're most
probably really into the honeymoon phase
that happens at the beginning of any
relationship but as everything
progresses into something serious you
get bored the truth is that you're not
really into this other person you're
into the excitement that comes with a
new relationship another possible reason
for this type of crush is not feeling
content with your current partner
whatever the reason be sure to respect
your other half and be honest with them
it's always better to tell the truth and
stay on good terms than to lie and break
someone's heart
number five crushing on someone who
controls you love is blind and sometimes
we can be oblivious to the fact that our
lovers care and attention has started to
take on an ugly form if you notice that
your partner becomes way too suspicious
for no reason tries to make decisions
for you or always comes up with new
limitations out of thin air proceed with
caution because you may be dealing with
a control freak over here
sadly controlling behavior tends to
progress rather than disappear slowly
removing all ease and fun from your
relationship and replacing them with
tension and constant fights the ultimate
thing is to determine how bad the
situation is if it still just minor
controlling signs here and there try to
have a serious conversation with your
significant other set clear boundaries
express them to your partner and try to
find common ground but if your
relationship is only getting worse it's
time to end it and reach out for help if
necessary even though romance is all
about connections and creating a union
it should never be based on power and
fear if this is the case for you run
away and never look back
number 6 crushing on someone who's too
old or young for you age is just a
number we all know that but
relationships with huge age gaps can be
unhealthy apart from the fact that they
can be illegal which is a whole other
topic people of different ages simply
want different things for example you
may not be ready for a family at the
moment but your older partner can't wait
to get married and have lots of babies
this creates a serious imbalance which
can only end when someone sacrifices
their wishes and dreams to make the
relationship work that's a problematic
union right there that can cause damage
to both parties however there are still
couples who somehow make it work and
maintain a healthy relationship and I
salute you guys
number seven crushing on a celebrity
having a serious crush on somebody
famous may seem like a teenage phase
thing but believe it or not many people
in their 20s and 30s are still affected
by it and this type of crush sucks for
an obvious reason it has almost zero
chance of becoming an actual
relationship plus you're basically
crushing on someone you don't even know
which means you're in love with an image
you created in your head and not with a
real person moreover this idolization
does nothing but lower your chances of
developing a genuine connection with
someone do you really think that giving
up your love life for somebody you can't
have is the right thing to do just open
your eyes and look around the person
who's perfect for you is somewhere out
there and what about you have you ever
had any unhealthy crushes tell us in the
comments below don't forget to give this
video a like share it with your friends
and click Subscribe stay on the bright
side
[Music]